Add documentation for tracing SDK (#15541)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/tracing/faq.mdx

# FAQ

> ### Q: Can I use MLflow Tracing for production application?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Q: Can I use MLflow Tracing for production applications?
```

Yes, MLflow Tracing is stable and designed to be used in production environments.

> When using MLflow Tracing for production environment, we recommend using the [MLflow Tracing SDK](https://pypi.org/project/mlflow-tracing/) (`mlflow-tracing`) to instrument your code/models/agents with minimal dependencies and footprint. The SDK is designed to be a perfect fit for production environments where you want efficient and lightweight tracing solution. Please refer to the [Production Monitoring](/tracing/production) section for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using MLflow Tracing in production environments, we recommend using the [MLflow Tracing SDK](https://pypi.org/project/mlflow-tracing/) (`mlflow-tracing`) to instrument your code/models/agents with a minimal  set of dependencies and a smaller installation footprint. The SDK is designed to be a perfect fit for production environments where you want an efficient and lightweight tracing solution. Please refer to the [Production Monitoring](/tracing/production) section for more details.
```
